# BuildAPC

Build-A-PC presents an interface that allows a user to create an account which is linked to a maximum amount of 5 “builds”. When making an account, the user is asked to submit a username, password, email address, and preferred currency. When the user presses one of the links to a previous build or decides to start a new build, the user will be shown an interface which includes a list of all the parts needed to build a pc. If it is a new build, the compatibility checker will display “no compatibility errors detected” and there will be nothing listed next to the part name on the list except for a link called “choose part”. If it is a previous build, the compatibility checker will display if there is a compatibility error or not between the current parts chosen which will be displayed next to their part type name in the build list. This “build” interface makes it easy to determine what parts are still needed to build an entire pc while continuously checking to see if the parts chosen will be compatible. If a part type in a build has not been chosen there will be a link called “choose part” which will bring the user to a list of available parts of that type that is compatible with the rest of the current build. Each part will be displayed with its name, company, link to where to buy it, price, and rating. The list of parts can be sorted by any of these. The “compatibility checker” works during two stages; it checks that all parts in the build are compatible with each other and, when the user selects “choose part” on the build interface, the checker filters all of the parts of the selected type to only display the ones that would be compatible with the current build.
